I said long ago that he worships money masters
You have to believe me.
Actually, you can look at me
I really like you
If he worships money, even he is just right
Anyway, no one is richer than me
I have a better chance of winning than his ex-husband
You're crazy. I'm going to find him
You go up and see something better
Call 120 for me.
Is a scumbag
How dare I hurt you?
Don't be afraid, I'm here
Is that hurt?
What are you talking about?
120 is not for me
Call him. Call him
Hey
It was you
Of course, after all, I am single and have a baby.
But I had time to walk before
But why are you here?
I see you try your best with your ex
I can't help but feel that I
So I went with him.
So sad I think
No wait a minute
He's not my ex-husband. What?